oh come on it's there it hurts much
gonna dude look at the youth you're
whiter than me
I'm telling me on what bro hey what's
that a reference to anyways Jeff Dunham
does he comedian just yeah he's um he's
a ventriloquist okay
dude please funny it's freaking um
puppet named Walter oh my god he's like
an old man but he's a crotchety it's red
I can't I can't touches those this is a
hurts good purple
Judy / solid flak look look my fingers
bend backwards let's look at your hand
your man by linking iron board as flat
as you look like you look like you can
fit up side-by-side no look at the
shadow on the ceiling look look
bring it up my hand is flat as an
anorexic girl are you gonna try house
healing come on who did that
whoa oh my god oh where is it there's
whoa happening up Hudson I'm gonna
construct your shin right there dr. dick